The President:
Hi, everybody.
It's the holidays-a
season to give thanks
for our many blessings.
The love of family.
The joy of good
friends.
The bonds of
community.
The freedom we
cherish as Americans.
The peace and justice
we seek in the world.
As we go about our days,
as we gather with loved
ones and friends, it's
important to remember:
our way of life-the freedom,
prosperity and security
that we enjoy as
Americans-is not
a gift that is
simply handed to us.
It has to be earned-by
every generation.
And no one sacrifices more
to preserve our blessings
than our extraordinary
men and women in uniform.
That's why, on Monday,
I'll be visiting
our troops at Joint Base
McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst
in New Jersey-to salute
them for their service
and thank them for
their sacrifices.
Since our nation was
attacked on 9/11, these
men and women, like so
many others in uniform,
have met every mission
we've asked of them.
They deployed to
Afghanistan and Iraq.
In more than a decade of
war, this 9/11 Generation
has worked with the Afghan
people to help them
reclaim their communities
and prevent terrorist
attacks against
our own country.
Now, many of our troops
are returning from
Afghanistan, and on
Monday, I'll be proud
to help welcome
them home.
That's because, this
month, our combat mission
in Afghanistan
will be over.
Our war in
Afghanistan is coming
to a responsible
end.
Of course, the end of
our combat mission
in Afghanistan doesn't mean
the end of challenges
to our
security.
We'll continue to work
with Afghans to make sure
their country is stable
and secure and is never
again used to launch
attacks against America.
The troops I'll visit on
Monday have been part
of our mission to degrade
and ultimately destroy ISIL
in Iraq and Syria.
They've been supporting
our efforts in West Africa
to fight the Ebola
epidemic and save lives.
Because in times of crisis
and challenge, the world
turns to America
for leadership.
And when the world calls
on America, we call
on the brave men and women of
our armed forces to do what
no one else can.
So this holiday season,
as we give thanks for the
blessings in our own
lives, let's also give
thanks to our men and
women in uniform who make
those blessings
possible.
Even as some are coming
home for the holidays,
many more will be far
from their families, who
sacrifice along
with them.
There are so many ways we
can express our gratitude
to our troops, their
families and our
veterans-everyone
can do something.
To find out what
you can do,
just go to
JoiningForces.gov.
As a nation, as Americans,
let's always keep striving
to serve them as
well as they have
always served us.
Thanks, have a great
weekend, and God bless
our troops and
their families.